okay I'm looking here at my testing
Moodle site using a mobile theme this is
an Android phone a Samsung Galaxy and
it's got I think the theme is called my
mobile it's the only Moodle mobile theme
I could find now this is the the main
page looks pretty good what I want to
demonstrate is how you can take a quiz
on it
oh yeah um are you logged in so I'm
going to click on the course I need I
have a an online music appreciation
course and what I want ultimately is for
everything to be accessible on a phone
and the one thing I wasn't really sure
about was quiz I hadn't tried a quiz on
the mobile team yet but the syllabus and
everything that looks fine but uh
earlier I tried a quiz and I was very
pleased with how it works on the mobile
interface yeah this is the practice quiz
that they all have to take right when
they're first starting out to make sure
their browsers are going to work and I
imagine that this will look a little bit
different and maybe behave a little
differently depending on what phone you
have whether it is an iPhone or an
Android or web browser this is Android
2.2 and I'm using a dolphin browser okay
so
see not sure why it says continue the
last preview okay so what is this course
about music okay go down to the next
question
you can check each of these questions as
you go along if you want but I'm just
going to do them all at once where's the
school okay these are multiple-choice
questions I'm going to choose to be this
is Louisiana what animal has four legs a
bird a whale or a dog let's choose the
dog and the one that normally had the
kind of problem that a question that
normally has problems in some browsers
is the matching question so this is a
matching match each school with its
mascot LSU's the first one to not notice
that when you hit choose it pops up a
little thing down here to choose which
one so LSU is the Tigers and click done
and then for ul Lafayette
that's the ragin cajuns and then the
University of Texas at Austin
okay so I've answered my questions now I
want to submit all and finish is on the
next screen here
and so they're all not complete I'm just
going to submit all and finish once you
submit you will no longer be able to
change your answers okay that's fine all
right so it says I got a grade of four
out of a maximum of four a hundred
percent right and then you can go is it
still loading up I can't tell ya you can
go down and see what your questions were
and everything so seems to work fine
this I'm very impressed this is one more
step to making my course completely
mobile-friendly
so that is a quiz on Moodle using the my
mobile theme